Miss Shu just took office
You got such a big order for us.
Tonight we are preparing a welcome banquet for Miss Shu
How did it go?
Okay, the meeting is over
Mr. Lu made a statement
It must have been by shady means
Just got this contract
Why do you want to ignore this method?
He can't do it.
And he also stated that he would be sent to the spirit by the Lu Division
you
Do you like to wear no makeup?
Shut up sorry I was wrong
I don't dare to talk nonsense anymore
I just want him to stay on the road
Tortured him piece by piece
Why are you here?
Hu Siyan ordered these not to be
By the way, I can remind you
Be careful with your baby in the early stages of pregnancy
And don't drink alcohol
And doing any kind of vigorous exercise
Well, thank you.
He actually got pregnant
If Mr. Lu really likes him
Wouldn't that be deceived?
What are you doing in such a hurry?
Mr. Lu
There's something I don't know if I should tell you
He seems to like someone without makeup
And she's pregnant.
His boyfriend just drove by to deliver his medicine
What!